how's it it's Jason for taking it up
again today we're unboxing the huawei
ascend mate okay let's unbox this bad
boy wow what a monster okay i'm going to
show you the reverse lights i'm just
want to show you what's in the box got
manuals calendar and chinese really
useful power brick for some unknown
country probably china headphones
actually look by nice and a USB can have
a look at the device pirate on there we
go first thing you'll notice there's no
dedicated android buttons there's
actually soft buttons and go to my
creative USB port microphone microsd
card slot micro sim slots another mic 3
knife millimeter audio jack power button
volume rocker speaker 8 megapixel camera
and an LED flash the battery is not user
replaceable there we go the huawei
ascend mate has a 6.1 inch IPS + LCD
display with a resolution of 1280 by 720
and a pixel density of 214 pixels per
inch hardware-wise it's got a 1.5
gigahertz quad-core cortex a9 processor
2 gigabytes of ram 8 gigabytes of
internal storage and a microSD card slot
it also has hsdpa Wi-Fi bluetooth
version 4.0 and a gps the ascend mate
has an 8-megapixel rear-facing camera
with an LED flash that shoots 1080p
video and a 1 megapixel front-facing
camera that shoots 720p video it has of
4050 million power non-removable
lithium-ion battery is running android
4.1 jelly bean with Huawei's custom
emotion UI
is available in crystal black in pure
white and sells for five thousand round
in South Africa and between 400 and 500
dollars in the States follow us on
Google+ give this video like and leave
some comments in the comment section
below subscribe if you haven't Iranian
thanks a lot for watching